Methods in API gateway are where you define how a user will
actually interact with your end point.
Each resource method corresponds with a single http method
like GET or POST, and different integrations are added to
transform the request or response.
Let's get started by implementing the createResourceMethod in
our create‑api‑gateway.js file. Start by declaring a params
const object on the first line.
The first property is authorizationType. With a API gateway
methods, you're able to create authorizations, such as using
IAM, or even your own function.
We won't be securing our endpoint, so enter the string NONE in all caps.
The next property is httpMethod, which will give the
value of the method function argument.
Next is the resourceId property, which you can give the
value of the resourceId function argument.
This is how a resource will be tied to this method.
The last property is restApiId, which you can give the value of
api.id. And that's it for the params object. So now come here
inside the promise and call the apiG.putMethod function with
params as the first argument,
and a callback is a second with only an err argument.
If there's an err object, then call reject,
passing it in,
otherwise call resolve and pass back the original resourceId function
argument so it can be used in the next function.
As you can see, there's also not much to this function.
The interesting stuff comes into play with the integrations.
Let's go ahead and immediately move into implementing the
create method integration function.
Start by creating the params const object.
This one will have the most properties in this file.
We'll start with the httpMethod to which you can give the
value of the method function argument.
The next property is resourceId,
which you can give the value of the resourceId function argument.
Both httpMethod and resourceId together tell this function which
resource method to attach the integration too.
The next property is restApiId, which you can give the value api.id.
Next, add the property integration httpMethod,
which is the method used to call the back end AWS resource from the API.
You can give it the same method function argument.
Next is the type property.
There are several types of integrations,
like sending it to a lambda, using it as a mock or sending it to an AWS resource.
We will use the http proxy type when sending requests over to our load balancer.
So add that as a value in all caps with an underscore between the
words. And the final property is URI, which we will give the URL to
our load balanced demo application.
So switch over to the EC2 dashboard,
go to load balancers and get the DNS name from our load balancer. In our
value for URI, the URI does need to include the protocol.
So in a string at http:// and then paste the load balancer DNS name.
Now inside the promise, we'll call apiG.putIntegration passing
in the params object as the first argument and call back with
an err argument as the second.
If there's an err object, then call reject with it.
Otherwise call resolve with the original resourceId function argument
again. We're returning that in these functions because there's nothing
really from the data response that we need.
And it makes hooking the promises together much easier.
Now our basic method and integration functions are complete,
which will let us create a basic resource.
We do, however,
want to also create a pure proxy resource that will handle
any requests coming onto the HBFL resource, and that's what we'll do in the next clip.